Ortto Audiences integration docs (#7729)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-ortto-audiences/index.md

---
title: Ortto (Audiences) Destination

> id: 

Reviewer: @joe-ayoub-segment - what's the ID for this destination?

Reviewer 2: hi @forstisabella the destination id is 686799c65fcebef2a98c8141

> id: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: 686799c65fcebef2a98c8141
```

> id: 686799c65fcebef2a98c8141

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: 686799c65fcebef2a98c8141
private: true
beta: true
```

---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

The **Ortto (Audiences)** destination allows you to send Engage audiences from Segment to Ortto, where they can be used as [Audiences](https://help.ortto.com/a-115-working-with-audiences){:target="_blank"} for marketing automation, personalization, and reporting.

This destination is maintained by **Ortto**. For support or questions, please [contact the Ortto Support team](mailto:help@ortto.com).

## Getting started

Follow these steps to set up the Ortto (Audiences) destination in your Segment workspace:

1. In your Segment workspace, click **Engage** in the left navigation bar, then select your space.
2. Click **Engage Settings** and open the **Destinations** tab.
3. Search for `Ortto (Audiences)` and click **Add Destination**.

> 4. Confirm the source. By default, this will be the source connected to the Engage space you're working in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Confirm the source. This is typically the source connected to the Engage space you're working in.
```

5. [Log in to your Ortto account](https://ortto.app/login){:target="_blank"} and either:
   - Create a new **Segment (Actions)** data source, or
   - Use an existing one.
6. Copy the API key from your Ortto data source.
7. In Segment, open the destination's **Settings** tab and paste the API key.
8. Toggle **Enable Destination** to **ON** and click **Save Changes**.

> 9. Go to the **Mappings** tab in the *Ortto (Audiences)* destination and add a **Sync Audience** mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Go to the **Mappings** tab in your Ortto (Audiences) destination and add a **Sync Audience** mapping.
```
